"Geometrical art of autumn landscape, warm colors, a work of art, grotesque, Mysterious" boat.jpeg
"red dragon in the waves art print, in the style of kōji morimoto, neo-traditional japanese, john blanche, murals and wall drawings, tyler walpole, intense close-ups, absurdist --ar 71:128 --stylize 750 --v 5. 2" cubism.jpeg
"a scary looking wood creature with a red eye, in the style of filip hodas, daz3d, sandy skoglund, natalia rak, mysterious jungle, realistic hyper-detailed rendering, anthropological::, a large red eyes monster in the pine forest, in the style of rendered in maya, organic nature-inspired forms, daz3d, wood, close-up, frogcore, storybook illustration:: --v 5. 2" dog_audio.wav
"This is the story of the most ((((powerful) ))) witch in the entire world who was once a very happy prodigy enjoying life to the fullest. One day that all changed when she came home to visit her family but when she opened the door and saw the most horrifying nightmare anyone could see become of their loved ones (ACTIVATED) an emotion she has never felt before that AWAKENED her hidden abilities. The seal withered away by the MASSIVE amounts of the HUGE ((RAGING) ) exerting PULSES of MAGICAL energy. An intense amount of the most darkest, suffocation as the viewer watched in a motionless state, the most vengeful WITCH has now been born. Who DARES to stop her? A WITCH wearing WITCHY Attire and a WITCH HAT, (masterpiece) , best quality, expressive eyes, perfect face, rage-mode, destruction, wild hair, girl, black and white, standing" fire.jpeg firewood-burning-sound-179862.mp3
"illustration, upper-body, girl, front, face, gaze, two randomly three limit colors, outline, edges lines, pattern backdrop, original, masterpiece --ar 9:16 --style raw --stylize 300" venere.jpeg
"An impressionistic design, mountain, peach trees, dreamlike atmosphere, shaded by soft pastel natural light, by Adrian Smith, Blacklight, viewed from a tranquil meadow --v 6. 0 --style raw --s 250 --ar 1:" boat.jpeg thunder-124463.mp3
"A New Yorker cartoon that illustrates the term 'Cat's Table'" topolino.png
"A dreamy illustration of an infinite staircase leading to the universe, with books and characters on each step. The figure at its center is walking up it, symbolizing continuous learning in the style of magic realism. Dark tones and glowing light create depth, while swirling patterns suggest vastness. --ar 59:82 --v 6. 0" dali.png
"Japanese girl, 18-21 years old, brown hair, high-quality photo portrait, shot on a Polaroid camera, double eyelid --ar 34:65 --style raw" japan_girl.webp
"vintage Japanese postcard, in the style of Kentaro Miura, featuring a black cat holding a vinyl record in its paws, with vintage colors including light beige and red tones on a white background, very detailed artwork. --ar 75:118" cat_poster.webp